well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
passion and rhetoric in the United
States and why it's probably time to
tone the rhetoric down a whole lot I'm
saying this because I know a few of the
people that support these things they're
decent enough people I think they're
misguided but they're decent enough
people there's a whole bunch of public
assemblies going on we're going to call
them that because for the most part so
what they are they're public assemblies
they've got a right to do it doesn't
matter if you or I agree with them they
have a right and the whole point of a
right is that they don't have to justify
it to us they don't need our agreement
doesn't matter what we think of it and
there are limitations that can be placed
on that right in this situation where
we're not going to talk about that right
now we're just going to talk about these
assemblies what's the concern they're
worried that some of the measures being
taken are causing economic devastation
causing shortages causing the denial of
freedom of movement because that's
shelter they're losing creature comforts
like haircuts
there's the perception of like an
authoritarian vibe fair enough fair
enough
what's the rhetoric being employed many
are using the rhetoric of advocating for
armed conflict take us along with that
is you need to and if you don't see
where I'm going with this you probably
shouldn't be advocating for armed
conflict economic devastation shortages
sheltering denial of movement
authoritarian measures losing creature
comforts trust me the avant-garde
hairstylist will not be open if it goes
wild every problem every concern that
they have gets multiplied
if you are new to this channel
understand I'm not a pacifist not I'm
just somebody who doesn't like the
misapplication of force because normally
it's not the people who miss apply the
force that suffer the most
it's the innocence
if those are your concerns that rhetoric
should come off the table it should come
off the table because it if you use that
rhetoric long enough eventually it's
gonna happen and nobody really wants
that nobody really wants that the
reality is that many of the people who
advocate for this type of stuff don't
know the reality of it this yeah
it's knowing it's annoying it is these
measures are annoying the fact but there
they are nothing in comparison nothing
not even close there are very very very
few situations that can be improved by
going on when you were talking about
something like this it's pretty much the
worst thing that can happen to a country
and its people some kind of domestic
conflict like that and in this country
it would drag on and on and on in the
whole time it's not the people who think
it's a good idea that suffer it's the
innocence
it's the civilians and non-combatants
this rhetoric means to go away people
are passionate and because it's the
United States and this is our thing it's
what we do right it's how we solve all
of our problems because they're
passionate that rhetoric quickly turns
to advocating stuff like this it needs
to go away it needs to stop
because eventually it's gonna happen and
most of people who think it's a good
idea they don't really know they have an
image from a glorification they don't
know it's it's almost never the right
move there are very very few situations
in which it would be useful this is
certainly not one of them be passionate
about it you want to go out there yeah I
think you're wrong I think it's a
mistake I think for some of you it's
gonna be a fatal mistake because I think
you're gonna get something but it's your
right you can choose to take that risk
if you'd like but don't make that choice
for other people don't put them at risk
because your rhetoric
good ideas generally do not require
force anyway it's just thought you'll
have a good night